
//  To be added to the SDK release notes, New Features and Updates section:

    +------------------------------------+
    | CSM Enabled, Writeable APIs        |
    +------------------------------------+
    
    This release offers additional functionality that makes the SDK 
    more comprehensive.  It provides the ability to enable:
    
    Security
    Session management
    Writeable APIs

    The CSM team provided this solution as a special addition to the 
    SDK Toolkit.  It is provided in a separate csmsdk.zip file that 
    can be found on the SDK download site.

    This solution is described in brief below:

    --  CSM Integration - The CSM integration with SDK does not 
        require additional coding on the part of the developers. All 
	that is required is configuring CSM for the application. For 
	instructions refer to the standard procedure in the CSM Guide
	for Application Developers. After installing CSM, the 
	application administrator(s) will need to use the UPT to 
	create an authorization policy for the application.  An 
	authorization policy is the knowledge of what to protect.  
	Within the UPT, users can be given different roles (and 
	permissions) for different domain objects. Any change in the 
	authorization policy will be reflected in the application at 
	run time. This means that the CSM service will continuously 
	provide the latest authorization policy to the Application 
	Service.

        The SDK generates two components - the client and the server.
	Only the server component is integrated with CSM for the 
	purpose of authentication and authorization.

        CSM will authenticate using the configured credential 
	provider for that particular application. The CSM service 
	integration is not obtrusive. There is a flag to turn the CSM
	service on and off. 

    --  Session Management - The Session management service has been
        provided as a part of this solution. Whenever a user 
	authenticates by successfully logging in, the Session Manager
	(on the server side) generates a unique key for the user 
	session. When the user sends another request the service does
	not ask the user to authenticate again as long as the session
	has not expired. Application administrators can use a 
	configuration setting to declare a session time out period 
	for their application. 

    --  Writeable APIs - The first step toward writable APIs and 
        transaction management is creating a simple writable API, 
	which performs simple CRUD operations. These CRUD operations
	will be exposed as a Persistence Manager service layer or any
	other business service. The key benefit is to enable 
	distributed computing.  The interface takes generic arguments
	for CRUD operations thereby making it non-specific to any 
	domain objects. As long as the passed object can be cast to 
	any domain object within that domain, the operation is 
	expected to execute. If execution fails, the method throws an 
	exception. 


//  To be added to the SDK release notes, Known Issues section:

    +------------------------------------+
    | CSM Enabled, Writeable APIs        |
    +------------------------------------+
	
	
	
	
	